OPTIC DOCUMENTATION:
    NOTE: If any of this is confusing, I have provided an example script with a compiled binary in the "example" directory.
    Many thanks! - Archrosarum (Andrew Salois)



1. Namespace organization

    OPTIC is heavily reliant on namespaces for its code organization. the "OPTIC" namespace is the top level namespace
    that the entire API is under. It contains more specific namespaces, runtime related API, and class constructors 
    (which should not be directly called by the user).

    The "OPTIC::Create" namespace contains functions to create various OPTIC elements such as a window. The function
    names correspond to their class name and it takes a string as an arguemnt (to be used inside the users code as an
    identifier). These functions return a pointer to the element they create for easy modification after initialization.

    The "OPTIC::Get" namespace contains functions to retrieve the pointer of various OPTIC elements such as a window,
    so that the user can interact with them in their code after the element has been created. The function names 
    correspond to their class name and it takes a string as an arguemnt (to be used inside the users code as an
    identifier). These functions will return NULL if the string identifier provided has not already been used to
    create an element.


2. Elements

    All elements can have their properties modifed using methods that begin with "Modify". This methods will return the same
    pointer they do work on so that they can be chained for easy bulk modifications in user code.

    Window:

        The Window element represents a window on the users desktop.
        * It is created with the "Window(std::string identifier)" function inside the OPTIC::Create namespace.
        * It is accessed with the "Window(std::string identifier)" function inside the OPTIC::Get namespace.

        Attributes:
            std::string title -> The Visible title of the window.
            * Modified with the method "ModifyTitle(std::string new_title)"

            int width -> The width of the window.
            int height -> The height of the window.
            * Modified with the method "ModifyHeight(int width, int height)"


3. Runtime

    Before any OPTIC elements can be created, The user must call Init() within the top level "OPTIC" namespace. This
    function will perform the neccesary initializations and such for elements to be created.

    In order for any OPTIC elements to persist onscreen, (due to SDL3 limitations), the user must build a loop in
    which the "Tick()" function is called from the "OPTIC" namespace. It is reccommended to set the loop to be dependent
    on the built in "running" boolean that resides within the "OPTIC" namespace.